"Personal Log #2 \nDate: __1__ days after crash, give or take... \nIt's been a day since the crash. I got some basic setup to extract some minerals up and running. At night I had the opportunity to see the surroundings. There were some lights far away, but I have no idea from what they can be. The mining operation is showing some signs of pollution, so I might have to watch out for that, don’t want to pollute my only source of air. Should upgrade to electric miners soon, they pollute a bit less, and are faster. For terms of power, I have no idea yet. I can make a basic steam engine setup, but this is a lot of work, since the water close by is not usable in steam engines. While I was chopping some trees, my hand scanner noticed something weird. Those trees are more then 100.000 years old! So I decided to carbon date a few things, if that even might work here, and it did. Everything here is older then 100.000 years, some even almost 500.000 years. How is it possible? It shouldn’t be possible, living things have an expiration date of sorts, so this defies the laws of nature that we know. This got me thinking, I should name the planet since I am stuck here. Looking back at what I have learned about everything here being so old, so I have decided to name the planet [b]Antiago[/b]. This is a derivative of the Galtic word [i]Antigo[/i], which means ancient. Sounds fitting!\nI had a run-in with some of those creatures this morning. They are definitely not friendly! They attacked me on sight, and with great strength too. Luckily I had my gun to defend me.\nI took the base down from a distance, so they will not bother me for a while. I found some crystal like items in the rubble of their base, no idea what I can use that for yet, we shall see after I have examined it. Now, those creatures are weird. They are big arachnid like creatures, since they walk and use their 8 legs. It occurred to me that they are a new species, so I might as well name them like I did with the planet itself and add them to a database of sorts. I think I have decided on [b]Arachtoid[/b], since they have 8 legs. I took some corpses to my base camp, will examine them soon to find out some more. Should study them since we are both on the same planet, this might give me an advantage over them if they keep attacking. \nMy plan today is to scout a bit further away from base, and see what minerals and stuff I can find around here. I also want to look into my power situation, so I have to find a way to clean the water so the boilers and engines won’t break down. I also want to make some turrets, so my main base can be defended while I explore. But the situation with the bullets hitting other turrets has to be addressed. Can’t have my turrets hitting each other, since they fire in a 360 degree arc. It worked great on Titan with the Battle of Thaom, where turrets are spaced out wide from each other, and able to hit a lot of targets, but here it won’t work. Might have to make turrets with a 90 degree arc……."

